Governance polls 2024-01-15 (#2529)
makerdao/community: governance/polls/SparkLend Ethereum - Update USDC and USDT markets to use a fixed price oracle of 1 USD - January 15, 2024 .md

version: v2.0.0
options:
   0: Abstain
   1: Yes
   2: No
start_date: 2024-01-15T16:00:00
end_date: 2024-01-18T16:00:00
---
# Poll: SparkLend Ethereum - Update USDC and USDT markets to use a fixed price oracle of 1 USD - January 15, 2024

The Governance Facilitators have placed a Governance Poll into the voting system on behalf of Spark Protocol and the Stability Facilitators. This Governance [Poll](https://manual.makerdao.com/governance/governance-cycle/weekly-governance-cycle#weekly-governance-cycle-definitions-mip16c1) will be active for three days beginning on Monday, January 15 at 16:00 UTC.

**This is a binary vote.**
- **You may vote for a single option.**
- **You should vote for the option which you prefer.**
- **If you would accept either option, you should vote 'Abstain'.**

## Review

Phoenix Labs proposes updating the USDC and USDT markets to use a fixed price oracle of 1 USD, which will improve safety of temporary market displacement and erroneous liquidations. Furthermore, it will prevent the exacerbation of peg issues by impeding speculation on temporary depegs. The community can vote in this poll to express support or opposition to the following changes:

> * Updating USDC and USDT markets to use a fixed price of 1 USD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Update USDC and USDT markets to use a fixed oracle price of $1.
```

version: v2.0.0
options:
   0: Abstain
   1: Yes
   2: No
start_date: 2024-01-15T16:00:00
end_date: 2024-01-18T16:00:00
---
# Poll: SparkLend Ethereum - Update USDC and USDT markets to use a fixed price oracle of 1 USD - January 15, 2024

The Governance Facilitators have placed a Governance Poll into the voting system on behalf of Spark Protocol and the Stability Facilitators. This Governance [Poll](https://manual.makerdao.com/governance/governance-cycle/weekly-governance-cycle#weekly-governance-cycle-definitions-mip16c1) will be active for three days beginning on Monday, January 15 at 16:00 UTC.

**This is a binary vote.**
- **You may vote for a single option.**
- **You should vote for the option which you prefer.**
- **If you would accept either option, you should vote 'Abstain'.**

## Review

Phoenix Labs proposes updating the USDC and USDT markets to use a fixed price oracle of 1 USD, which will improve safety of temporary market displacement and erroneous liquidations. Furthermore, it will prevent the exacerbation of peg issues by impeding speculation on temporary depegs. The community can vote in this poll to express support or opposition to the following changes:

> - Update USDC and USDT markets to use a fixed oracle price of $1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update USDC and USDT markets to use a fixed oracle price of 1 USD.
```
